Set a maximum limit for the time quadrature degree (#217)
firedrakeproject/Irksome: demos/bbm_auxiliary/demo_bbm_aux.py.rst

.. figure:: bbm_init.png
   :align: center  

Set up the semidiscrete form as usual::

  u, wH = split(uwH)
  v, vH = split(TestFunction(Z))

  F = h1inner(Dt(u) + wH.dx(0), v) * dx + h1inner(wH, vH) * dx
  F -= replace(dHdu, {u0: u})

Next, we set up the cPG scheme. We specify `quadrature_degree="auto"` to
override the default quadrature of degree `2*time_deg-1`. This automatically
estimates the quadrature degree for each individual term in `F`. The degree
estimation algorithm will only be exact for polynomial nonlinearities, such as
the cubic term in `I3`. For complicated nonlinearities, the estimated degree

> might be too large and result in very long compilation and runtimes.

Author: ```suggestion
might be too large and result in very slow compilation and runtime.
```
